DOC-2564: Release Note Entry for Mentions in Comments (#3500)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.5-release-notes.adoc

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Comments** premium plugin.

**Comments** Premium plugin includes the following additions and fixes.

==== Comments with Mentions
// EPIC-111

The **Comments** plugin now supports mentions in comments.

> Previously, the **Comments** plugin allowed users to add comments to content in the editor. However, users could not mention other users in the comments sidebar, limiting the ability to notify specific users or direct comments to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Since this is a new feature, we shouldn't phrase it like a bug fix. The next paragraph will do

> In {productname} {release-version}, the **Comments** plugin has been enhanced to support xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] in comments. Users can now mention other users in comments by typing the `+@+` symbol followed by the user's name. This feature enables users to notify specific individuals, direct comments to them, or engage in conversations with other users directly within the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} {release-version}, the **Comments** plugin has been enhanced to support xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] in comments. Users can now mention other users in comments by typing the `+@+` symbol followed by the user's name.
```
Last sentence is more dependent upon the integration, and users can already engage in conversations with comments

> Additionally, the **Comments** plugin now includes a new `mentionedUids` property in the EventLog API when the Mentions plugin is enabled. This property provides an array of UIDs mentioned in the comment, allowing integrators to retrieve which users have been mentioned in comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the **Comments** plugin now includes a new `mentionedUids` property for events within the EventLog API when the Mentions plugin is enabled. This property provides an array of UIDs mentioned in the comment, allowing integrators to retrieve which users have been mentioned in comments.
```

> The **Comments** plugin now offers the `xref:comments-with-mentions.adoc#tinycomments_mentions_enabled[tinycomments_mentions_enabled]` option to enable or disable the incorporation of the Mentions plugin into the **Comments** plugin, provided both plugins are included in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Comments** plugin now offers the `xref:comments-with-mentions.adoc#tinycomments_mentions_enabled[tinycomments_mentions_enabled]` option to enable or disable mentioning other users in comments when both plugins are included in the configuration.
```

> liveDemo::comments-embedded-with-mentions[]

Reviewer: Do we normally include live demos in release notes?

Reviewer 2: After a discussion with @FarzadHayat, I'm comfortable including this for now. However, if you think we should add a note like "To test out comments with mentions, see [link]," instead, im also good with this.

Reviewer: Up to you guys, just wanted to flag it.

> Previously, the Comments plugin allowed users to add comments to content in the editor. However, users could not mention other users in comments, limiting the ability to notify specific users or direct comments to them.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, the **Comments** plugin has been enhanced to support mentions in comments. Users can now mention other users in comments by typing the `+@+` symbol followed by the user's name. This feature enables users to notify specific individuals, direct comments to them, or engage in conversations with other users directly within the editor.
> 
> Additionally, the **Comments** plugin now includes a new `mentionedUids` property in the EventLog API when the xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] plugin is enabled. This property provides an array of UIDs mentioned in the comment, allowing integrators to retrieve which users have been mentioned in comments.
> 
> The **Comments** plugin now offers the `+tinycomments_mentions_enabled+` option to enable or disable the incorporation of the xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] plugin into the **Comments** plugin, provided both plugins are included in the configuration.
> 
> liveDemo::comments-embedded-with-mentions[]
> 
> For information on the **Comments with Mentions** feature, see xref:comments-with-mentions.adoc[Configuring the Comments plugin with the Mentions plugin].

Reviewer 2: Nice work ⭐ - only suggestion can we link ``+tinycomments_mentions_enabled+` option` back to the option in the new documentation.

```suggestion
Previously, the **Comments** plugin allowed users to add comments to content in the editor. However, users could not mention other users in comments sidebar, limiting the ability to notify specific users or direct comments to them.

In {productname} {release-version}, the **Comments** plugin has been enhanced to support mentions in comments. Users can now mention other users in comments by typing the `+@+` symbol followed by the user's name. This feature enables users to notify specific individuals, direct comments to them, or engage in conversations with other users directly within the editor.

Additionally, the **Comments** plugin now includes a new `mentionedUids` property in the EventLog API when the xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] plugin is enabled. This property provides an array of UIDs mentioned in the comment, allowing integrators to retrieve which users have been mentioned in comments.

The **Comments** plugin now offers the `+tinycomments_mentions_enabled+` option to enable or disable the incorporation of the xref:mentions.adoc[Mentions] plugin into the **Comments** plugin, provided both plugins are included in the configuration.

liveDemo::comments-embedded-with-mentions[]

For information on the **Comments with Mentions** feature, see xref:comments-with-mentions.adoc[Configuring the Comments plugin with the Mentions plugin].
```
